Fix cilium etcd migration (#9451)
kubernetes/kops: docs/networking/cilium.md

    name: cilium
```

> If this is an existing cluster, it is important that you roll the entire cluster so that all the nodes can connect to the new etcd cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is an existing cluster, it is important that you perform a rolling update on the entire cluster so that all the nodes can connect to the new etcd cluster.
```
